41 6 2
binary binary binary binary binary binary label
cs,other java,no c/c++,no gpa>3,gpa<3 small,large years>5,years<5 hire,no
cs      java   c/c++   gpa>3   large   years<5   hire
cs      java   no      gpa>3   large   years>5   hire
other   java   no      gpa>3   small   years<5   no
other   java   c/c++   gpa>3   small   years<5   no
other   no     no      gpa<3   large   years>5   no
other   java   c/c++   gpa>3   large   years<5   hire
cs      java   no      gpa<3   small   years>5   no
other   java   c/c++   gpa<3   small   years>5   no
cs      java   c/c++   gpa>3   small   years<5   no
cs      no     c/c++   gpa<3   large   years<5   hire
other   no     no      gpa>3   small   years>5   hire
other   java   no      gpa<3   large   years<5   hire
cs      no     no      gpa>3   large   years<5   no
cs      no     c/c++   gpa<3   large   years>5   hire
other   java   no      gpa>3   small   years>5   no
cs      no     c/c++   gpa>3   small   years<5   no
cs      java   c/c++   gpa<3   large   years<5   no
other   java   c/c++   gpa<3   large   years>5   hire
other   no     c/c++   gpa<3   small   years>5   hire
other   no     c/c++   gpa<3   large   years>5   hire
cs      no     c/c++   gpa<3   small   years<5   no
cs      java   c/c++   gpa<3   small   years>5   no
cs      java   no      gpa>3   large   years<5   hire
other   no     c/c++   gpa>3   large   years>5   hire
other   java   no      gpa>3   large   years>5   hire
cs      java   c/c++   gpa<3   large   years>5   no
other   java   c/c++   gpa<3   small   years<5   no
other   java   no      gpa>3   large   years<5   hire
cs      no     c/c++   gpa<3   small   years>5   hire
other   java   no      gpa<3   small   years>5   no
cs      java   no      gpa<3   large   years>5   no
cs      no     c/c++   gpa>3   small   years>5   hire
cs      java   no      gpa<3   small   years<5   no
cs      no     no      gpa<3   large   years<5   no
cs      java   c/c++   gpa>3   small   years>5   hire
cs      no     no      gpa<3   small   years>5   no
other   no     c/c++   gpa>3   large   years<5   no
cs      java   no      gpa>3   small   years<5   hire
other   no     no      gpa>3   small   years<5   no
other   no     c/c++   gpa<3   large   years<5   no
other   java   c/c++   gpa<3   large   years<5   hire
other   no     c/c++   gpa>3   small   years<5   no